# interactive-comic

Right, when our group was formed, we had the possibility to discuss our ideas, and we went through a couple of genres. We decided jointly that we would do horror, and even though I wanted to mix it with comedy, some of my groupmates only wanted to stick to one genre. 

•	Project Name – “Are you alone?” We came up with it due to the scary nature of the project after it was done. It seemed fitting to wait, and it popped up naturally after we had our ideas and layouts set.

•	Project Description: what is the project, what is the overall concept and theme, and what kind of experience you were striving to create?
-	The project was inspired by grudge and scary horror jump scares we used to get as links from our friends. We also decided to create a scary concept, with possible jump scares and a tale that would take the user when they would be scrolling. We decided that we would be asking questions, more so – rhetorical, but that would make the player follow along with this story of tagging along a scary character that would be leading into something unexpected. With the dark colors, red tones, we wanted to create suspense through every scroll, so that the player would be willing to continue scrolling whilst being uneasy.
•	Process: How did you go about implementing the concept. Describe your role and what your contribution was.
-	We divided the roles very quickly, but not set in stone. Mudi told us that she likes the artistic parts of projects, and I agreed with that. When we decided on the genre, Mudi said that she would draw the characters in Illustrator. I told everyone that I like to work on artistic parts as well, but that I am open to help with the code as well. So, after I realized that Mudi would be doing the drawings, I told everyone that I enjoy working with Photoshop, and would like to combine her images with a background. This meant that I spent a lot of my time actually going around her drawings (that were sent to me as PNG images), and edited around them to combine them with the background. After the 7 “screens” were done in Photoshop, I sent the new PNG’s to Lukrecija, who took the first steps in putting it all together on a website with code. Lukrecija created a working website with transitions, and then we started perfecting the code. This continued into the lesson, where I also needed to use more Photoshop skills to add missing pages that were needed at the last moments. 

-	After we were done with the basic code, we started thinking about different interactivity features such as automatic scroll, buttons, sounds, and homepage button. 

-	Khalifa started with the perfection of the code to implement more interactivities and did it mostly on his time after the lesson, also with advice from Lukrecija. I think it turned out to be as good as it could be. Whilst Lukrecija and Khalifa worked on the code, me and Mudi did most of the artistic process.

-	After Khalifa sent his version of the code, me and Lukrecija went through the code and added all the illustrations that should have been included in the first place, but for some reason were missing. I also decided to compress the video, as that was the only way it would upload on GitHub. I found the video when we wanted to add sounds, but sadly we could not figure out the sounds for this project.

•	Reflection/Evaluation: This should bookend the initial concept and talk about whether your expectations and goals were met in the process of building the final working version.
-	My expectations were met, even though working in groups and dividing the workload is hard. In the end, I would say that the workload was divided appropriately, and I am most happy that the website was connected from an artistic point of view into a working interface. However, some things we did not get to work on, and it would have been better if we had declared our capabilities beforehand. Yet, that is also hard to do, as people in general tend to overestimate outcomes. I am happy that the website is working and is telling the story we wanted to tell, but I also wish that we had figured out the sound part of the website.
